Activity – create a shield

Why hasn’t TNT created a Neopian land called Exodus yet? Maybe they need some inspiration so that next year we can participate in the Altador cup under our own name… Oh I know what we can do! You guys can design a team shield for Exodus!
You may use any method you’d like for thus – digital, print & draw by hand, have help from your kid(s), whatever you’d like! After you’re done upload an image of your design and put it on a petpage before neomailing ***** with the link.

Drag and drop the image below to see them full size

Activity – Team Spirit
Show your team pride by using a font, userlookup, shop layout, gallery layout, petlookup or petpage that’s dedicate to your team for the entirety of the Altador Cup!
Each thing you do will earn you 00pts – only 1 submission per category though!
To submit, simply take a screenshot of each thing you do and put the images on a petpage. Send the link to ****!

Submission deadline June 00 @ 11.59pm NST

Welcome
It’s time for the very first Altater Cup!
This event will run from June 1st until the end of the Altador Cup. We will have many activities involving the Altador Cup itself, but for those who do not wish to participate in the AC we will have some of the more normal activities too (they may have an Altador Cup theme tho soz not soz)!
There will be 4 teams competing in this tournament with guild members spread evenly between them based on each player’s loyalties and past rank/goal rank for this year.
This Altater Cup has been organised by Aik and Kat and will be hosted by multiple guild members – remember to check the activity to see who’s the host!

Activity – Custom
DO YOU GOT TEAM SPIRIT!!! DO YOU LOVE TO DRESS UP YOUR PETS!!! The Altater Cup fashion parade needs your pets for its fashion week. The competition will be open for entry just one week, with voting to commence in the second week. Extra points will be awarded for the top 3 designs.
Theme: Your Altater Cup sister team.
For Altater Cup teams with multiple AC teams you can choose to either team or mix them up.
Example: As a Darigan Citadel Member, Aik can choose a Lost Desert or Mystery Island custom or mix between the two!

Marathon Board game
Throughout the Altador Cup we will have members hosting marathons where everyone plays together for 30 mins with the hopes of reaching a group goal.
For participating in a marathon, you will receive 00points and if your group hits the goal you’ll get an extra 00 points each!
Want to host a marathon? Awesome! Send *** a neomail with a date and time. It will then be added to the chart below. Make sure it’s a good time you’re available to be on the guild boards for the whole 30 mins and a little time after to add up the points. At the end of the marathon, let *** know who participated, what the goal was and the end total.
